{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red102\green177\blue50;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9520\viewh14600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl512

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A decade ago, \cf3 (extra time element.)\cf2  games for health research \cf3 (is it important to know they are health research?)\cf2  diverged \cf3 (diverge and two strands is redundant idea of splitting. Split is a simpler word than diverge.)\cf2  into two strands. \
\
In the first, scholars \cf3 (scholars sounds pretentious to me so I subbed researchers)\cf2  like James Gee focused on the positive affordances \cf3 (affordance is possibly misused and is a word with complex meaning)\cf2  of videogames for learning and engagement (
\i \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
e.g
\i0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
., Gee, 2003; Shaffer, 2006; Squire & Jenkins, 2003). \
\
In the second, health and human development \cf3 (do we really need to know they are health and human development scientists)\cf2  scientists explored the possible negative effects of videogames (
\i \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
e.g
\i0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
., Tremblay & Willms, 2003; Vandewater, Shim, & Caplovitz, 2004). \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(Use same comparing pattern)\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
Today this divide remains largely intact, with researchers from these different approaches evaluating different questions: How do games affect kids minds? How do games affect kids health? \
\
In this research study, we reunite these research perspectives.\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(The two perspectives are opposites. Can you really unite opposite perspectives? I think you only mean to draw on them \'97 or consider both sides.)\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 Instead of asking how games can be more active, like exergames for Wii Fit, or focusing on the games that \'93sneakily\'94 introduce health information, \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(This seems irrelevant to the framing you provided about: the positive vs negative impact of games)\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 the current project designed an engaging game that incorporates students\'92 daily physical activity \'97 collected through wearable physical activity monitors \'97 into a game.\'a0}